Changelog, guava and parent pom update (#98)
fmidev/fmi-avi-messageconverter: CHANGELOG.md

- ...

## [v6.0.0] - 2022-02-22

### Added

> - Added a utility and a model to parse and serialize GTS exchange file structure. [#83]
> - Enabled invalid BBB augmentation indicator handling in bulletin heading. [#90]
> - Added Javadoc to the public static methods in GTSExchangeFileTemplate. [#93]

Reviewer: My suggestion:

```suggestion
- Added a utility and a model to parse and serialize GTS exchange file structure. [#83], [#93]
- Enabled invalid BBB augmentation indicator handling in bulletin heading. [#90]
- Add xmlNamespace in GenericAviationWeatherMessage [#92]
- Dependency updates [#98]
```

And add:

```
[#92]: https://github.com/fmidev/fmi-avi-messageconverter/pull/92
[#98]: https://github.com/fmidev/fmi-avi-messageconverter/pull/98
```

Author: 👍
